Add sf-rest connector overview (#1490)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/salesforce-rest-connector/sf-rest-overview.md

# Salesforce REST Connector Overview

> This documentation provides overall mapping with each sections in Salesforce connector and a inbound endpoint documentation. Click the links of the shown bellow to view the documentation for **Salesforce REST Connector** and **Salesforce Inbound Endpoint**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation provides overall mapping with each sections in Salesforce connector and a inbound endpoint documentation. Click the links below to view the documentation for **Salesforce REST Connector** and **Salesforce Inbound Endpoint**.
```
Shall we replace the first sentence with some information about the following:
- API(s) that we are connecting to.
- The connectors we have.

Author: Updated.

> ## Salesforce REST Connector

Reviewer: Add some information about what exactly can be done using this connector.

Author: Added.

* **[Salesforce Access Token Generation](sf-access-token-generation.md)**

  This section includes how to obtain the OAuth2 tokens from Salesforce REST API.

* **[Salesforce Rest API Connector Example](sf-rest-connector-example.md)**

  This example explains how to use the Salesforce client to connect with the Salesforce instance and perform the **create** and **retrive** operations.

* **[Salesforce Rest API Connector Configuration](sf-rest-connector-config.md)**

  This documentation provides a reference guide for the Salesforce Rest API operations.
  

> ## Salesforce Inbound Endpoint  

Reviewer: Add some information about what can be done via the endpoint.

Author: Added.
